Mother, look
Are you really amazing?
extend
It's about to change
Protect it, ok mother
Come on out.
Good skill
The southern court of the three gold commanders under his command met Li Shuai
Meet Li Shuai
Get up.
How about the northern warriors?
Back to the female handsome
Your husband has done something
Personally lead troops to the end of the North
16 cities have been breached in just six days
Nangong Qingtian's subordinates have done something under the leadership of the minister
Excellence in combat
The general of Peking University 300,000
Golden Armor Sword
A general's mansion
Wait for his triumphant return tomorrow
You personally held a family style banquet for him at Fengming Pavilion
subordinate obeys
Phoenix Tomorrow
Phoenix will fight with me on the battlefield for seven years tomorrow
Kill millions
This is an uncompromising weapon of the country
It will be sold out at that time.
I must be natural
Lady, your husband has done something
All achievements depend on your secret support
You actually give him the phoenix tomorrow
My husband's family was poor
I'm worried that being a female coach will put pressure on him
Therefore, as an ordinary person, he is in his policy
Now he is attacking the army
I don't have to hide my knowledge anymore
I will announce the identity of the female coach at the celebration banquet
I will leave Xiafeng in person at that time
I'm waiting to welcome the female handsome back
Welcome back the coach
That's right.
The things I trust
But blind
Handsome female uncle subordinates are incompetent
With your jade pendant
Failed to locate your mother
Follow the package
Back off, yeah yeah
Look look look
General Liu is really handsome
It must be the lady in the carriage